---
layout: default
head.title: Jérémy Riverain, developer
description: My blog. Publishing sometimes, talking about programming
title: About me
---

::hero
---
image: '/alpine-0.webp'
---
#title
Hi, I am Jérémy.
#description
I'm a french developer 🇫🇷, working for a company called [Zenika](https://www.zenika.com/). Love programming with VueJS, Flutter. Also used Symfony a lot. I already made some websites, API, backend, mobile apps. In fact, I consider myself as a polyvalent developer. I'm kind of a tech enthusiast. 
::

I'm autodidact. That means I have not studied programming stuffs at school. In fact, before I became developer, I was working as a sport trainer, an educator. I discovered programming accidentally when I needed to build my own website, to sell my services as a coach. After I made my own website, I dove deeply into programming and never gave up. I studied a lot, mostly Javascript and PHP at the beginning. Now I'm a professional developer.

I feel my job very interesting and challenging, because, you know, there is always something new to learn, and room for improvements. Currently, I'm interested in Flutter. Actually, I made with it a mobile app that's available on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/breizh-blok/id1616287447?uo=2) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.geekco.boulders&pli=1). It lists and geolocates climbing boulders in Brittany. Feel free to reach me out if you have any questions.

Below are some pictures of the charming region where I live: the Finistere and more precisely Brest.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /alpine-0.webp
  - /alpine-1.webp
  - /alpine-2.webp
---
::
